Cloudwatch: ListMetrics API page limit (#31788)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/datasources/cloudwatch.md

Please see the AWS documentation for [Service Quotas](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/servicequotas/latest/userguide/intro.html) and [CloudWatch limits](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/monitoring/cloudwatch_limits.html) for more information.

## Configure the ListMetrics API page limit

> When a custom namespace is specified in the query editor, the [List Metrics API](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/APIReference/API_ListMetrics.html) is used to populate the _Metrics_ field and the _Dimension_ field with values. The API is paginated and returns up to 500 results per page. The CloudWatch data source will limit the number of pages to 500, but this limit overruled by changing the `list_metrics_page_limit` variable in the [grafana config file](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/administration/configuration/#aws).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a custom namespace is specified in the query editor, the [List Metrics API](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/APIReference/API_ListMetrics.html) is used to populate the _Metrics_ field and the _Dimension_ fields. The API is paginated and returns up to 500 results per page. The CloudWatch data source also limits the number of pages to 500, however, this limit can be changed using the `list_metrics_page_limit` variable in the [grafana configuration file](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/administration/configuration/#aws).
```

Allows you to disable `assume role (ARN)` in the CloudWatch data source. By default, assume role (ARN) is enabled for OSS Grafana.

### list_metrics_page_limit

> When a custom namespace is specified in the query editor, the [List Metrics API](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/APIReference/API_ListMetrics.html) is used to populate the _Metrics_ field and the _Dimension_ fields. The API is paginated and returns up to 500 results per page. The CloudWatch data source also limits the number of pages to 500, however, this limit can be changed using the `list_metrics_page_limit` variable in the [grafana configuration file](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/administration/configuration/#aws).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a custom namespace is specified in the query editor, the [List Metrics API](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/APIReference/API_ListMetrics.html) is used to populate the _Metrics_ field and the _Dimension_ fields. The API is paginated and returns up to 500 results per page. The CloudWatch data source also limits the number of pages to 500. However, you can change this limit using the `list_metrics_page_limit` variable in the [grafana configuration file](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/administration/configuration/#aws).
```
